If not limited by time, resources, or technology, I would like to invent a brain implant/ device that is able to automatically transform one’s thoughts into reality. In my imagination, this device would be able to read the mind of the individual and carry out the action that the individual is thinking of doing, without any effort/ work done by the individual themself. For instance, a person with a brain implant could be jogging and hopes to send a text message to a friend. Instead of putting a brake on his existing momentum, whipping out his phone, and sending the text message, the brain implant would be able to read his brain signals, gather information from his eye movements, and automatically send the exact text message that he wants to his friend. This way, tasks, and actions can be done more instantaneously and spontaneously with lesser turnover times, allowing individuals to spend more time doing what they really enjoy doing.

This brain implant might also be able to develop a language system that can adapt to the unique communication style of each user, such that the system is more efficient in recognizing what the user intends to say or do. Moreover, this device would also be linked to other household electronic devices via the Internet of Things, so that users are able to control smart devices in their environment. For instance, if an individual has a routine of waking up at 8 am and playing a specific song every morning, the device would automatically set alarms for 8 am and play the same song every morning. 

Such technology might not only allow individuals to save time, but it might also help resolve communication difficulties faced by individuals that are physically or neurologically challenged. Many people facing disabilities are just as mentally healthy and are able to produce the same signals as physically-fit people. However, their injuries prevent their brain signals from reaching their auditory muscles, causing difficulties in conventional communication. Such an invention would allow such individuals to interact with their loved ones on a deeper level and have better control over their environment. Furthermore, this device can also be used for self-regulation of brain activity, which might be useful in monitoring the emotional/ mental health of the individual as well. The ability for brainwave control, monitoring, and regulation through such a device would allow a much greater level of immersion, allowing individuals to purely focus on what is really happening at that moment, and not be restricted by any forms of inhibitions.
